enhancement(config): Implicit namespacing based on the config directory structure (#9701)
vectordotdev/vector: website/content/en/docs/reference/configuration/_index.md

vector --config /etc/vector/*.toml
```

#### Automatic namespacing

> You can also split your configuration by grouping the components by their type.
> The example can then be split as follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also split your configuration by grouping the components by their type, one directory per component type, where the file name is used as the component id. For example:
```
